Welcome to Mahogany! This window will show you some (hopefully) helpful tips about using the program, but you may disable at any moment using the checkbox below if you are tired of it.
Not only the tip window, but many other message boxes will have a "Don't show this message again" checkbox which you can press to never see this message again.
If you disabled some message box but wish to see it again, go to the last page of the options dialog and choose the "Reenable" button there.
If you have any problems, please try enabling the mail folder and server debugging in the last page of the preferences dialog.
If you want to see even more options in the preferences dialog, set your user level to "advanced" in the identity tab. The you will also be set almost all options on a per-folder level.
If your remote folders (POP, IMAP or NNTP) take a long time to open, you are probably using sorting or threading and it is not supported by the server - try disabling sorting and threading for faster access.
When composing a message you may press "TAB" to expand an address using the address books
You can right click the columns of the folder view window to quickly access some useful options.
You can tell Mahogany to include a little picture of you with every message sent, by setting up an "XFace" in the compose page of the preferences dialog.
If you need help or support with using Mahogany, you can join the Mahogany users forum by sending a message to mahogany-users-request@lists.sourceforge.net with 'subscribe' in the subject line or in the body of the message. Of course, you can also subscribe to that forum via our web pages at http://mahogany.sourceforge.net/.
When reading news, you can mark messages as read by pressing 'D'. Deleted news articles will not be shown to you again.
As Mahogany is an OpenSource project, you can add your own favorite feature to it. We are always happy to welcome new developers to help us improve it. Just get in touch with us by sending an email to mahogany-developers@lists.sourceforge.net .
If you find a bug in Mahogany or have a suggestion for an improvement, the best thing to do is to go to http://mahogany.sourceforge.net/bugz/ and report it to our bug-tracking system. You will then be notified once we have dealt with it. This is much better than just sending us an e-mail, as the bug-tracker makes sure that we will not forget it.
Remember that remote IMAP folders are not read-only! You can store messages there, too. So if you access your mail from different systems and want to use filtering rules, you can store all messages on the IMAP server instead of local mailbox files and they will be accessible from everywhere.
As Mahogany integrates e-Mail and Usenet News, you can use filtering rules to let Mahogany watch newsgroups for you and forward all interesting articles to your main mailbox. So you don't need to read a newsgroup yourself if you are only interested in articles about a certain topic.
If you use a PalmOS handheld computer with Mahogany, you can combine this with filtering rules to create very useful automatism. For example, you could set up a filtering rule on a local newsgroup carrying social information like e.g. cinema programs and automatically copy the messages that you are interested in to the PalmBox mailbox. The next time that you hotsync from within Mahogany, these will be transferred to your Palm Pilot.
If you use Mahogany in a non-English environment and it is not yet translated to your language, or the translations are incomplete, get in touch with us and we can update the translations. As we don't do them ourselves, we have to rely on others to tell us about this and actually translate it for us.
If you click the right mouse button (or shift-click on an Apple Mac) over a mailbox in the tree, you can access a popup menu with many useful options and settings.
To define filters for incoming messages, you need to first define filter rules via the Edit/Filter Rules menu and then associate them with the corresponding mail folders (e.g. the "New Mail" folder) via the Folder/Filters menu.
You can import messages and settings from a few other E-Mail programs such as Netscape, Eudora, Pine or XFMail.
You can configure an external editor (such as vim or emacs) to be used for message composition and also configure Mahogany to automatically launch it - go to the "Helpers" page of the preferences dialog to do it.
You may use Ctrl-Up or Ctrl-Down in the folder tree to quickly go to the next or previous folder with unread messages.
If you are concerned about security, you shouldn't let Mahogany store the passwords - but it is probably still ok to let it remember them for the current session.
You can right click the attachments shown in the message view to save or open them.
You may always see the full message details using the "Show raw message" command from the "Message" menu (Ctrl-Z). Try also Shift-Ctrl-Z.
You may preview your messages before sending them to check them for the one last time by enabling the corresponding option in the compose preferences page.
You can see full message headers by pressing "H".
If you want to expand an address substring anywhere in the address and not just in the beginning when pressing "TAB" in the composer, prepend it with "*".
